---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "podman_network Resource - terraform-provider-podman"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage networks for containers and pods
---

# podman_network (Resource)

Manage networks for containers and pods

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Create default bridge network
resource "podman_network" "network" {}

# Full dual-stack example (netavark backend)
resource "podman_network" "dualstack" {
  name   = "dualstack"
  driver = "bridge"
  options = {
    mtu = 1500
  }
  internal = false
  dns      = true
  # enable dual stack
  ipv6 = true
  subnets = [
    {
      subnet  = "2001:db8::/64"
      gateway = "2001:db8::1"
    },
    {
      subnet  = "192.0.2.0/24"
      gateway = "192.0.2.1"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `dns` (Boolean) Enable the DNS plugin for this network which if enabled, can perform container to container name resolution. Defaults to `false`.
- `driver` (String) Driver to manage the network. One of `bridge`, `macvlan`, `ipvlan` are currently supported. By podman defaults to `bridge`.
- `internal` (Boolean) Internal is whether the Network should not have external routes to public or other Networks. Defaults to `false`.
- `ipam_driver` (String) Set the ipam driver (IP Address Management Driver) for the network. Valid values are `host-local`, `dhcp`, `none`. When unset podman will choose an ipam driver automatically based on the network driver.
- `ipv6` (Boolean) Enable IPv6 (Dual Stack) networking. If no subnets are given it will allocate a ipv4 and ipv6 subnet. Defaults to `false`.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels is a set of user defined key-value labels of the resource
- `name` (String) Name of the resource, also used as ID. If not given a name will be automatically assigned.
- `options` (Map of String) Driver specific options.
- `subnets` (Attributes Set) Subnets for this network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subnets))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) ID of the resource

<a id="nestedatt--subnets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subnets`

Required:

- `subnet` (String) The subnet in CIDR notation.

Optional:

- `gateway` (String) Gateway IP for this Network.


