---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "podman_pod Resource - terraform-provider-podman"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage pods for containers
---

# podman_pod (Resource)

Manage pods for containers

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Create default local volume
resource "podman_volume" "vol" {}

# A pod with mounts
resource "podman_pod" "pod" {
  name     = "mypod"
  hostname = "superhost"
  mounts = [
    {
      destination = "/mount"
      bind = {
        path  = "/mnt/local"
        chown = true
      }
    },
    {
      destination = "/data"
      volume = {
        name      = podman_volume.vol.name
        read_only = true
      }
    },
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `cgroup_parent` (String) Path to cgroups under which the cgroup for the pod will be created. If the path is not absolute, the path is considered to be relative to the cgroups path of the init process. Cgroups will be created if they do not already exist.
- `hostname` (String) Hostname is the pod's hostname. If not set, the name of the pod will be used (if a name was not provided here, the name auto-generated for the pod will be used). This will be used by the infra container and all containers in the pod as long as the UTS namespace is shared.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels is a set of user defined key-value labels of the resource
- `mounts` (Attributes Set) Mounts volume, bind, image, tmpfs, etc.. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mounts))
- `name` (String) Name of the resource, also used as ID. If not given a name will be automatically assigned.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) ID of the resource

<a id="nestedatt--mounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mounts`

Required:

- `destination` (String) Target path

Optional:

- `bind` (Attributes) Bind Volume (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mounts--bind))
- `volume` (Attributes) Named Volume (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mounts--volume))

<a id="nestedatt--mounts--bind"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mounts.bind`

Required:

- `path` (String) Host path

Optional:

- `chown` (Boolean) Change recursively the owner and group of the source volume based on the UID and GID of the container.
- `dev` (Boolean) Mounting the volume with the nodev(false) option means that no devices on the volume will be able to be used by processes within the container.By default volumes are mounted with nodev.
- `exec` (Boolean) Mounting the volume with the noexec(false) option means that no executables on the volume will be able to executed within the pod.Defaults depends on the mount type or storage driver.
- `idmap` (Boolean) If specified, create an idmapped mount to the target user namespace in the container.
- `propagation` (String) One of shared,slave,private,unbindable,rshared,rslave,rprivate,runbindable.
- `read_only` (Boolean) Mount as read only. Default depends on the mount type.
- `recursive` (Boolean) Set up a recursive bind mount. By default it is recursive.
- `relabel` (Boolean) Labels the volume mounts. Sets the z (true) flag label the content with a shared content label, or Z (false) flag to label the content with a private unshared label. Default is unset (null).
- `suid` (Boolean) Mounting the volume with the nosuid(false) options means that SUID applications on the volume will not be able to change their privilege.By default volumes are mounted with nosuid.


<a id="nestedatt--mounts--volume"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mounts.volume`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the volume

Optional:

- `chown` (Boolean) Change recursively the owner and group of the source volume based on the UID and GID of the container.
- `dev` (Boolean) Mounting the volume with the nodev(false) option means that no devices on the volume will be able to be used by processes within the container.By default volumes are mounted with nodev.
- `exec` (Boolean) Mounting the volume with the noexec(false) option means that no executables on the volume will be able to executed within the pod.Defaults depends on the mount type or storage driver.
- `idmap` (Boolean) If specified, create an idmapped mount to the target user namespace in the container.
- `read_only` (Boolean) Mount as read only. Default depends on the mount type.
- `suid` (Boolean) Mounting the volume with the nosuid(false) options means that SUID applications on the volume will not be able to change their privilege.By default volumes are mounted with nosuid.


